[docs] Add faq page on deferred computation (#12390)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/delaying-code.md

---
title: Delaying Your Code To Run Later
sidebar_title: Delaying Your Code
---

import { Tab, Tabs } from '~/components/plugins/Tabs'

import SnackInline from '~/components/plugins/SnackInline'

> When building an application, much of your code will run in response to events like component lifecycle events and user interactions. Sometimes you'll need to delay when your code runs instead of running it immediately after an event. Because mobile applications need to respond quickly to interactions and the code for your user interface (such as React components that update the UI) shares a JS thread with other event-handling code, responsive apps must be careful to schedule work in small increments and at times that won't impact your users' experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building an application, much of your code will run in response to events like component lifecycle events and user interactions. However, sometimes you'll want to delay your code instead of running it immediately. Responsive apps must be careful to schedule work in small increments and at times that won't impact the user experience; otherwise, your app may not respond as quickly to user interactions as you'd like, because the code for your user interface (such as React components that update the UI) shares a JS thread with other event-handling code.
```

Author: Going to leave off the however since I think the scheduling is still done in response to some event in most cases.
Also I think splitting up into smaller sentences rather than the semicolon, otherwise / because connector words is easier to read / more in line with the style we're going for.
I think your saying the end of that paragraph would flow better for you if it was structured: Needs of responsive apps -> technical constraints to be aware of (-> how to schedule things well given those constraints)?  The last beat is not in your change but I think makes more sense to me?

## Delaying code while your app is in the foreground
 While your application is in the foreground, you have access to scheduling functions that are often available in other JS environments like `setTimeout`, `setInterval`, and `requestAnimationFrame`. If you are not familiar with these methods or when you might use them we recommend Mozilla's guide on [asynchronous JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Asynchronous/Timeouts_and_intervals).

>  ### InteractionManager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### InteractionManager
```
